Oh, you hate it, huh?
My good big brother.
There's an old saying that tastes better than wine
It's funny, he doesn't do sister-in-law
Can't blame me.
My sister-in-law made it up by herself hahahaha
I used to be blind and saw the wrong person.
But
This time I have confirmed that you are the president of the Chamber of Commerce
In the future, the basic night of supper will definitely be yours.
What is Shuxi doing?
Didn't we agree to advance and retreat together?
We are going back to southern Xinjiang to get married
Who wants to marry you?
Yue Shao looks up to you
I'll give you a security guard
It's a fart to look down on you
Do you really think I am Chu Ruoxi?
I have been to a small place like southern Xinjiang
You are cruel
Accompany you to suffer together
How dare you betray me
Ye Tianci
Your skin is really thicker than the city wall
Zhang Shao came down to study it himself
Even my former good sister-in-law
All snuggled up in my arms
If you cut me
I don't have the face to stay here any longer
Hahaha, I'll give you one last chance.
Call Zhang Haiyun down for me
Otherwise, you will be responsible for the consequences.
I'm going to leave it at that.
You don't even think about going in with me at this door
Are you going to roll or not?
I'll fuck you